JustThis is so weird.

I hope this doesn't look sociopathic. I'm really just doing it for the creativity and to learn kraken.

I'm going to people watch and keep notes. Let's see how diverse this University REALLY is.

Girl sitting next to me has some cool tiffany blue headphones, but they might be off brand. Can't read it from here. Bleh.

Uggs. Really? I didn't know those were still a "thing".

Beards are making a big comeback though. I dig it. Dude matched his shoes with his leather jacket. Double Dig It.

The one look I'll never get behind is gym clothes/pajamas. You're leaving your house and you never know who'll you'll be making your 1st impression on. I know you probably don't care what people think, but I think you should care about the first impression you leave and gym clothes just doesn't do it for me. 

Just saw someone that reminded me of something I need to pick up at the grocery store, but I've forgotten what it is already... shit.

Not only am I way too distracted by this jam (Drowning World by Andrew Applepie) to people watch but... forgot what I was going to say... poop.

Just remembered spring training starts soon, which means baseball season starts soon too and now I want to go throw a ball with someone. 

But that brings me to another issue/non-issue... Will we ever get snow this year? 
"Greatest Snow on Earth" Amirite!?

Greatest snow on earth reminded me of Greatest Show which reminded me of Zach Efron, and how can one person be so gorgeous yet semi funny looking at the same time. It's the hair I think. 

Speaking of Zac, he was just in that "Baywatch" movie with THE Rock. I never saw it, but can I just say as much as I like the guy, could the rock maybe take a year off of acting and making shitty movies? Give us all a little break.. I shouldn't put that on the internet. 

He's probably a really nice guy. He seems amazing he's just EVERYWHERE lately. He's probably watching me type this out about him somehow.

While it's playing in my ear I should take the opportunity to introduce everyone with Miguel's new Pineapple Skies single. You can thank me later.

Back to people watching, there aren't many of them around and my next class doesn't start for another hour. Maybe I should go take a nap in my car instead.

This would be a great way to collaborate with singer songwriters. Just change files and commit them. That may eff some people up though... maybe not the best idea.

I wish committing was easier in real life. 

I'm hungry. I should fine some food, but I'm not committed enough to leave this comfy chair.

SIKE!!! I'm hungry AF so i'm outtie now. I'll catch you on the flip side!

Back. Didn't really go anywhere. Nothing sounds good. Nothing but sleep. Who has time for sleep anymore. 

Especially with Netflix shows like "Black Mirror". I've only been watching for about 4 days and DAMN I'm almost done and wanting more. This internet stuff is scary.

Also. More off topic, but I'm sitting in a hallway that is basically all window and the sun is beaming right on me. Makes it hard to see anything but there's really nowhere else to go. 

Back to people watching. Quick note. Dude a few desks down is using ear buds. Folks. Earbuds are SO BAD for your ears. 

My next class starts soon, but I don't want it to. Not because I don't love this class. Who wouldn't, it's because I don't want it to end because then I have to go to work and I'm way too tired for that. 

I'm not lazy. I actually work my ass off. I just need a few days off to get caught up and in the flow of things. I haven't worked on my YouTube channel for so long. I need to do that too!